Welcome, brothers and sisters.
Since our last report, we've had seven more special conventions.
They were held in Philadelphia, United States,
Sofia, Bulgaria, Suva Fiji, Lyon, France,
Assoncion Paraguay, Tampa, United States,
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
More than 16,000 delegates traveled from 101 countries
to attend these conventions.
There was a combined peak attendance of over 98,000,
and 859 were baptized.
In Paraguay, there are currently about 11,500 publishers.
Nearly 2,000 delegates were invited to attend the special
convention.
Remarkably, though, the peak attendance was 28,617.
Clearly, there's much potential for growth.
In fact, 293 were baptized at this convention alone.
That's the largest baptism at one location in the history
of our work in Paraguay.
Jehovah has truly blessed these special conventions.
Two more remained for 2024, and we look forward
to 19 special conventions for the 2025 series.
Here's a brief legal update.
On September 17, 2024, the 17 judges
of the Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights
rolled in favor of sister Pindomudia,
who was given blood transfusions in Spain
against her wishes.
Despite our sister's clear oral and written refusal,
a judge in Spain allowed doctors to proceed.
The Grand Chamber concluded that this violated her rights.
It confirmed that patients have the fundamental right
to choose their own medical care.
What makes this decision especially significant
is that it was issued by the Grand Chamber
of the European Court of Human Rights.
The Grand Chamber issues decisions only
when a case is considered to be groundbreaking.
Thus, this decision obligates 46 countries in Europe
to respect patients' health care choices.
We're grateful to the Grand Chamber for this decision.
Above all, we thank Jehovah for this legal victory,
which will benefit all of our brothers
and sisters in Europe as they make informed medical decisions.
This significant ruling reminds us how vital it is
to discuss our personal medical choices with our doctor
and to put these choices in writing just
as our faithful sister did.
During this month, September, 2024,
we've all been involved in a global campaign
to start Bible studies using the enjoy life forever brochure.
What a joy to be united with our brothers and sisters
worldwide in this campaign.
Not a couple of experiences.
Ana Lore is an 84-year-old pioneer sister in Austria.
Because of her health, she can't preach from door to door
for long periods of time.
However, she decided to offer a Bible course
to people who had responded positively
to our visits before.
She thought of six people and visited them.
She was very happy to demonstrate the Bible course
with all six people.
The result, all six agreed to continue the course
in the coming days.
In the Philippines, while witnessing from house to house,
two publishers approached a woman named Josie
who was doing laundry in front of her apartment.
Since Josie was busy, she told the publishers to talk instead
to her adult son and nephew who were inside.
Using the direct approach, the publishers started a Bible study
right away with both the son and the nephew.
As the Bible study was being demonstrated,
Josie's niece also joined in the discussion,
and the publishers offered her a Bible study
which she readily accepted.
Now with three persons involved in the initial Bible study
session, Josie became more curious and also
wanted to join in the conversation.
Josie too accepted a Bible study.
However, before the two publishers
ended the initial study session, a fifth family member.
Josie's daughter was moved to ask what they were discussing.
Taking advantage of yet another opportunity,
the publishers offered her a Bible study
which she immediately accepted.
In all, five family members from one household
accepted the offer to have a Bible study
using the direct approach.
Clearly, Jehovah has blessed our efforts
to offer Bible studies during the campaign.
But we want to continue to focus on starting Bible studies.
Brothers and sisters, don't lose the momentum of this campaign.
Ride the wave of enthusiasm.
Continue to offer Bible studies at every appropriate opportunity.
What can help us to do so?
Although public witnessing is an important aspect
of our ministry and Bible studies sometimes result,
we encourage all to share regularly in the house to house work.
And remember, we'll have better results if we call it times
when people are more likely to be home.
This gives us more opportunities to start conversations
that lead to Bible studies.
Why not try the direct approach when it seems appropriate?
While sharing in the ministry one evening,
a brother in Germany spoke with a man who's about 35 years old.
The brother asked him, when did you last read the Bible?
The man replied, this morning.
They talked about why the Bible is valuable,
using Micah 4, 3, and 4 as an example.
Then they discussed lesson one of the enjoy life forever brochure.
The man's children were present and read the Bible versus allowed.
The man agreed to start the Bible course.
In addition, many have started studies by witnessing informally
to relatives, neighbors, co-workers, shopkeepers, and so forth.
In Tanzania, a sister named Elizabeth
started four new studies during the first days of the campaign.
One was with a woman who had a small cafe
across the street from the kingdom hall.
Elizabeth frequently stopped in her shop for tea
or to purchase small items.
And she decided to offer her a study using the direct approach.
They watched the video, welcome to your Bible study,
and the woman was delighted.
She said, we should start right now.
She also included her daughter and her niece
in the demonstration of the study.
Elizabeth was very pleased that she also
attended a congregation meeting.
When asked what she thought of the meeting,
the woman said, that's what I love about Jehovah's Witnesses.
They study the Bible.
When I go to other churches, they just sing and preach,
but don't study the Bible.
I really loved it.
I will try to come regularly.
We're happy to hear these positive experiences.
Our time in the ministry is valuable,
and we want to use it wisely.
As 1 Corinthians 9 verse 26 says,
therefore, the way I am running is not aimlessly.
The way I am aiming my blows is so as not to be striking the air.
We love to give Jehovah our best.
In addition to having a regular share in the house,
the housework, what else can help us?
In some areas, publishers have many return visits.
But perhaps we need to consider prayerfully
if our return visits are productive.
Are such individuals growing in their love of the truth?
Do they truly appreciate our visits?
Are they interested in a Bible study?
If not, perhaps we're striking the air.
It might be best to redirect our efforts.
Those individuals will have another opportunity
to hear the good news when the territories work again.
Of course, balance, patience, and discernment are needed.
But we want to be sure we're making the best use of our time.
Similarly, we might ask ourselves,
are my Bible students making progress?
Preferably consider, are they accepting Bible truths?
Are they beginning to apply what they learn
and to make changes where needed?
Have they begun to attend congregation meetings?
Are they speaking with others about what they learn?
If they're not progressing, it would be best
to spend our time and energy seeking out
those who are rightly disposed for everlasting life.
So brothers and sisters, let's continue
to offer Bible studies at every opportunity.
In many places around the world, we're
seeing an increase of Bible studies and tremendous growth.
For example, at a recent convention in Madagascar,
with over 21,000 in attendance, 419 were baptized.
Also, the Philippines reports that during the 2024 service
here, they had 5% growth.
What's been the result?
For the first time, they reported more than 260,000
publishers.
The number of studies has grown to over 252,000
and 12,201 were baptized during the service here.
120 new congregations, 15 new circuits were formed.
Amazing.
Wherever you may live, we think of Jesus' words
at John 4, verse 35.
Lift up your eyes and view the fields
that they are white for harvesting.
Also, Jesus said to his disciples at Matthew 9, verses 37 and 38,
yes, the harvest is great, but the workers are few.
Therefore, big the master of the harvest
to send out workers into his harvest.
The fields are certainly white for harvesting
in many places around the world.
Of course, that raises the question,
how can we individually expand our share in the preaching
and teaching work?
Clearly, we each have different circumstances.
But could you look for opportunities
to serve as an auxiliary pioneer?
Could you reach out and become a regular pioneer?
If you're already pioneering, could you
serve where there's a greater need, perhaps even
in another land?
Have you considered applying to attend the school
for kingdom evangelizers?
Some graduates of that school are
used as temporary special pioneers,
special pioneers, circuit overseers, and missionaries.
Truly, there are so many opportunities
to reach out in Jehovah's service
according to our own individual circumstances.
The book organized to do Jehovah's will, Chapter 10,
discusses many ways we can expand our ministry.
If we test Jehovah out in this way,
we can be certain of his blessing.
So what have we discussed?
Keep the momentum of our special campaign going.
Continue to offer Bible studies at every opportunity.
We also discussed the thrilling increases
we're seeing in many parts of the world.
May we all continue to pray that the master
sends out more workers into the harvest.
And may we continue to do our personal best
to preach and teach the good news of the kingdom.
Be assured that we cherish each and every one of you,
dear brothers and sisters.
In the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses,
this is J.W. Broadcasting.